556 include reference to colab (#631)
open-contracting/kingfisher-collect: docs/index.rst

You can also try using Kingfisher Collect with `Scrapy Cloud <https://scrapinghub.com/scrapy-cloud>`_.

> A demo on how to use Kingfisher Collect is available as a `Google Colaboratory <https://research.google.com/colaboratory/faq.html>`_ notebook `here <https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bN5C9h5YLUF9YpIprAeOMZcXJ5Tr6iaO?usp=sharing>`_.

Reviewer: I suggest putting this paragraph before Scrapy Cloud.

```suggestion
Instead of installing Kingfisher Collect to your computer, you can `follow this interactive step-by-step guide <https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bN5C9h5YLUF9YpIprAeOMZcXJ5Tr6iaO>`__, to use Kingfisher Collect in `Google Colaboratory <https://research.google.com/colaboratory/faq.html>`__.
```
